Updated CLI docs for compilation process (#3466)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/get-started/create-integration.md

    <code>bin/magento setup:upgrade</code>

2. Run the following command to generate the new code.
{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info }

> If you get the 'Please rerun Magento compile command' message then run below `bin/magento setup:di:compile` command. This message is only shows up in production mode.

Reviewer: Recommended edit:

```suggestion
In Production mode, you may receive a message to 'Please rerun Magento compile command'.  Enter the command below. Magento does not prompt you to run the compile command in Developer mode.
```
